this lesson will cover a song title wash
me over again record it by Timmy to
write the song starts off in the key of
G goes to b-flat and comes back to G
start the song off with a B - a C you
have a G chord in your right hand G B D
your left hand you would roll on the G
the D and the G next chord and your
right hand would be a C chord C eg with
that G on the bottom here and you would
roll on AC she C left hand would then go
to to B's right hand would go back to
that G chord G B D G
now you go to a II II flat D in your
left hand right hand corresponding
chords B D G
'if line you up with us see that's sharp
a DNA lab right hand would be on that G
chord and verted d g/b keep the same D
in your left right hand cord within
viously
e G flat a
next chord your left hand still stays
the same your right hand is gonna be on
a seat
you